COMMISSIONER
O'CONNELL
, IT'S GOING TO TURN
GREEN THERE.
COME HERE, COMMISSIONER.
YOU'RE COMMISSIONER RIGHT HERE.
WE HAVE A QUORUM SINCE WE ONLY
MEET EVERY TWO YEARS WE ELECT A
DIFFERENT CHAIR EVERY SESSION
EACH TWO YEARS.
>> SO IF SOMEBODY WOULD LIKE TO
VOLUNTEER OR GET VOLUNTEERED TO
DO THAT, WELL, WE'LL LISTEN TO
NOMINATIONS.
WELL, WE WERE SORT OF THINKING
YOU SHOULD MAKE YOUR CHAIR.
>> OH, THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN YOU COME LATE.
I THINK THAT'S WHAT HAPPENED.
OK, SO I SET OUT TO BE MR.
BERNANKE A SECOND SECOND
FAVORITE I OPPOSED YOU ARE THE
CHAIR, MR. O'CONNELL.
ALL RIGHT.
I CAN CONTINUE TO GUIDE US
THROUGH THE MEETING IF YOU'D
LIKE.
YES.
THEN YOU CAN HANDLE THE
DISCUSSION NEXT DISAPPROVAL
OF THE AGENDA.
YOU'LL HAVE AN AGENDA.
CAN I HAVE A MOTION TO APPROVE
THE AGENDA PLEASE VOTE OR TO
APPROVE YOUR AGENDA FOR
NOVEMBER 24.
TWENTY TWENTY FIVE SECOND ALL
IN FAVOR I ALMOST JENI'S
APPROVED.
WE NOW HAVE PUBLIC COMMENT.
ANYONE WHO WISHES TO SPEAK AT
THIS SESSION CAN STEP TO THE
PODIUM AND WE'LL HAVE THREE
MINUTES FOR PUBLIC COMMENT
SEEING NO ONE IN THE ROOM WE
WILL CLOSE PUBLIC COMMENT NEXT
WE WILL MOVE TO APPROVAL OF THE
MINUTES OF THE DECEMBER 19TH,
2003 SESSION.
YOU SHOULD HAVE THE MINUTES IN
FRONT OF YOU.
TAKE A MOMENT TO LOOK AT THEM
IF YOU WOULD LIKE I CAN ANSWER
ANY QUESTIONS YOU HAVE
.
WELL, THE QUESTION IS IT
DOESN'T INDICATE ACTUALLY WHAT
THE VOTE WAS OR HOW MANY YEAS
AND HOW MANY NAYS IS IT IS THAT
PROTOCOL TO JUST SAY APPROVED
BY OR YOU JUST APPROVED BY IS
DONE ON A VOICE VOTE?
>> I BELIEVE IT WAS UNANIMOUS.
SO MY RECORD I'M JUST WANTED TO
WE SHOULD NOTE THAT FOR WE CAN
DO A ROLL-CALL VOTE IF YOU'D
LIKE FOR FOR FUTURE REFERENCE
THAT PARTICULARLY IF WE ARE
ABLE TO REACH CONSENSUS THAT IT
SHOWED THAT THE ENTIRE
COMMISSION WAS SUPPORTIVE
OF THE MOTION OR I CAN JUST
MAKE A NOTE IF IT'S UNANIMOUS.
>> YEAH, THAT WOULD BE FINE.
>> YEAH THAT WOULD BE FINE THEN
YOU KNOW DO A ROLL CALL BUT
JUST NOTE THAT AS I RECALL WAS
UNANIMOUS.
YEAH I THINK IT WAS YEAH I CAN
I CAN MAKE THAT CHANGE IN THESE
IMPROVEMENTS WOULD BE GREAT.
>> I'LL GO BACK AND CHECK THE
TAPE JUST TO BE SURE ANY OTHER
CHANGES MOTION TO APPROVE THE
MINUTES AND I'LL SECOND IN
FAVOR I OPPOSED AND IT'S OUR
APPROVED NEXT WE MOVE TO
COMMISSION BUSINESS THE
RESOLUTION TO DETERMINE
SALARIES OF THE MAYOR AND CITY
COUNCIL MEMBERS FOR NY TWENTY
TWENTY SEVEN AND NY TWENTY
TWENTY EIGHT DISCUSSION ON THE
RESOLUTION
.
>> I WOULD I WAS JUST THINKING
WE HAVE I THINK WE'VE COME A
LONG WAY WITH THE FORMULA THAT
WE ARE USING.
I WOULD CERTAINLY BE OPEN TO
EXPANDING IT BEYOND THE 60
PERCENT CAP THAT IS CURRENTLY
IN EFFECT FOUR TO AGAIN
RECOGNIZE THE CONTRIBUTIONS
THAT COUNCIL MEMBERS MAKE WHILE
STILL DEFERRING TO THE FACT
THAT THE MAYOR HAS A CERTAIN
NUMBER OF MORE RESPONSIBILITIES
.
>> I DON'T KNOW THAT WE
SHOULDN'T GO BEYOND THE SIXTY
PERCENT SO I WOULD CERTAINLY
ENCOURAGE US TO THINK ABOUT
THAT
IN ORDER TO HAVE
DISCUSSION.
>> DO WE NEED TO MOVE AND
APPROVE?
>> ARE THE MOTION TO ACTUALLY
THEN LEAD THE DISCUSSION?
>> NO, IT'S FINE.
WE CAN JUST TALK ABOUT IT.
OK, OK AND I KNOW YOU HAD
WANTED YOU'VE TOLD ME RIGHT.
>> I HAD ONE SUGGESTION I
WANTED TO FOR JUST THE PURPOSES
OF QUICK REVIEW AND WITH
LAWRENCE BEING NEW, CAN YOU
JUST DO A QUICK SUMMARY OF KIND
OF HOW WE CAME TO BE WHERE WE
ARE?
>> YEAH THAT WOULD HELP.
YEAH.
SO YOU KNOW OVER PROBABLY OVER
TEN YEARS AGO AT THIS POINT
THERE WAS A DISCUSSION OF THE
BODY AT THE TIME TO ESTABLISH
SOME SORT OF A FORMULA FOR THIS
TO AVOID KIND OF AN AD HOC
DECISION MAKING PROCESS AND
WHAT THEY SETTLED ON WAS A
MIXTURE OF METRICS ON PAGE TWO
OF THE HANDWROTE YOU HAVE TO
HAVE THEM LISTED AT THE TOP SO
IT IS LOOKING BACKWARDS BECAUSE
THAT'S WHERE WE HAVE THE DATA
FOR THE PREVIOUS TWO YEARS THE
TWELVE MONTH CHANGE IN CPI FOR
EACH YEAR AND THEN THE PERCENT
CHANGE FOR CITY NONUNION
EMPLOYEES EACH YEAR.
SO TAKING AN AVERAGE OF ALL
OF THAT IT'S A ROUGH ESTIMATE
OF THE ANNUAL CHANGE IN
SALARIES OVER THE PAST SORRY
ANNUAL CHANGE IN COST OF LIVING
OVER THE PAST TWO YEARS AND
THEN TO APPLY THAT
PROSPECTIVELY.
SO LOOK, LOOKING BACK YOU CAN
SEE THAT THE NUMBERS WERE RIGHT
AROUND THREE PERCENT FOR
EVERYTHING, TWO POINT NINE FOR
THE CPI AND THIS IS MEASURED ON
OUR FISCAL YEARS OF JULY TO
JULY TWO POINT NINE TWO POINT
SEVEN FOR THE CPI CHANGE AND
THEN THREE PERCENT EACH YEAR
FOR CITY NON UNION WAGE.
SO THE AVERAGE BEING TWO POINT
NINE OF THE FOURTH.
SO JUST TAKING THAT AVERAGE AND
APPLYING IT GOING FORWARD FOR
TWO YEARS IT'S NOT, YOU KNOW,
COMPLETELY PRECISE IN ANY WAY
EXCEPT THAT IT KIND OF REFLECTS
THE AVERAGES FROM THE PAST TWO
.
>> SO AGAIN, IT'S ALWAYS
LOOKING LOOKING BACKWARDS AND
THE OTHER THE OTHER PART
OF THAT WAS THAT WE PERCEIVE
THAT EVEN WITH THE CALCULATIONS
THAT WE WERE RELATIVELY
SATISFIED WITH THE METRICS WE
HAD CHOSEN JUST BECAUSE THE WAY
THAT THE MATH WORKS WE WERE
ACTUALLY CREATING AN INCREASING
DIVIDE RATHER THAN A DECREASING
DIVIDE BETWEEN THE MAYOR SALARY
AND THE COUNCIL NO SALARY AND
WE FELT THAT IS THAT AMOUNT
OF WORK REFLECTED IN THE POLLS
THAT WE TOOK IN OUR OWN
OBSERVATION ABOUT HOW MUCH
ENERGY GOES INTO DOING THIS
JOB, WE FELT THAT EVEN
THE
MAYOR SALARY SHOULD STILL BE
DISTINCT AND YOU TO SOME DEGREE
IN ADVANCE OF WHAT OTHER
COUNCIL MEMBERS WERE EARNING.
>> WHAT WHAT THIS REFLECTS IS
THAT WE WERE TRYING TO NARROW
THE GAP RIGHT.
>> SO THE MAYOR'S SALARY IS
ADJUSTED ON A PERCENTAGE BASIS
AND THEN THE COUNCIL MEMBERS
SALARIES ARE SET AT SIXTY
PERCENT OF THAT.
YEAH.
SO THAT'S THE PRINCESS GOT IT.
>> YOU KNOW THE QUESTION IS
WHEN BRIAN DID YOU WANT TO
PROPOSE TO I SUGGESTED THIS
PROPOSED AMENDMENT YOU'VE GOT A
DRAFT RESOLUTION OR LEGISLATION
TEXT AND ON THE NEXT PAGE
THERE'S A ONE PAGER RIGHT THERE
THE SO SUGGEST THE FOLLOWING
ADDITIONAL WHEREAS CLAUSE AND
THEN I'LL GIVE YOU MY REASON
FOR RECOMMENDING THIS.
WHERE IS THE MAYOR AND CITY
COUNCIL OVERSEE A MUNICIPAL
CORPORATION WITH A FISCAL YEAR
TWENTY SIX BUDGET OF OVER SIX
HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS AND
LOKES BELIEVES THAT THEIR
COMPENSATION SHOULD REFLECT
THAT FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
AND BE SUFFICIENT TO ENCOURAGE
QUALIFIED PERSONS TO PERFORM
THIS PUBLIC SERVICE.
>> THE REASON I SUGGESTED THIS
ADDITION IS THAT IF YOU LOOK AT
THE COMPENSATION LEVELS FOR OUR
MAYOR AND COUNCIL RELATIVE TO
OTHER COMMUNITIES IN THE STATE
,WE ARE A BIT HIGHER.
>> I WOULD SAY ON AVERAGE THERE
ARE COMMUNITIES THAT PAY THEIR
MAYOR A HIGHER SALARY BUT THEY
ARE ALSO FULL TIME MAYORAL
POSITIONS THERE AND IN FACT THE
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF THE
MUNICIPALITY IN OUR CASE THE
MAYOR IS STILL A PART TIME
POSITION.
WE HAVE A CITY ADMINISTRATOR
WHO OVERSEES THE REGIONAL
OPERATIONS OF THE OF THE
MUNICIPALITY.
HOWEVER, WHEN YOU LOOK AT WELL
FIRST OF ALL, YOU KNOW, IN
EARLIER WORK SOME YEARS AGO AT
THE AMOUNT OF TIME THAT PEOPLE
ARE SPENDING ON THIS JOB BUT
THEN WHEN YOU LOOK PARTICULARLY
IN MY MIND AT THE SIZE AND
SCOPE OF THE CITY OF AN ARBOR'S
PORTFOLIO, WE HAVE A BUDGET
OF OVER 600 MILLION DOLLARS A
YEAR THAT'S OVER HALF A BILLION
DOLLARS A YEAR AND JUST SEEMS
TO ME THAT COMPENSATION SHOULD
NOT ONLY BE SUCH THAT IT
DOESN'T DISCOURAGE PEOPLE WHO
DON'T NECESSARILY HAVE THE
MEANS TO TO BE ABLE TO DO THIS
ON A PRETTY FULL TIME OR CLOSE
TO FULL TIME BASIS THAT THEY'RE
NOT KIND OF EXCLUDED
FINANCIALLY BECAUSE THEY
COULDN'T BEGIN TO, YOU KNOW,
GIVE THE TIME NEEDED BUT ALSO
JUST GIVEN THE SCALE OF WHAT
THESE FOLKS ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR
OVERSEEING.
IT'S AS A BOARD OF DIRECTORS.
RIGHT?
A BOARD OF GOVERNORS THAT IT
JUST SEEMED TO ME THAT THAT THE
COMPENSATION IS WE'VE NOW LAID
IT OUT, YOU KNOW, 50 MID 50S
FOR THE MAYOR AND LOWER 30S FOR
COUNCIL MEMBER.
IT SEEMS VERY APPROPRIATE.
ALSO ONE OF THE HANDOUTS SHOWED
THAT OUR TAXABLE VALUE IN THE
CITY OF ANN ARBOR IS EIGHT
POINT FIVE BILLION DOLLARS.
THAT'S A B BILLION DOLLARS
OF TAXABLE VALUE THAT AGAIN
THAT WE'RE THAT THIS COMMUNITY
IS AND THIS COUNCIL IS
RESPONSIBLE FOR OVERSEEING AND
PROTECTING.
AND SO IT SEEMS TO ME THAT
GIVEN THOSE METRICS WE KIND
OF BLOW AWAY VIRTUALLY EVERY
OTHER COMMUNITY IN THE STATE
OF MICHIGAN WITH THE SCOPE AND
SCALE OF THE SERVICES AND JUST
KIND OF THE SCALE OF THE
OPERATIONS HERE.
>> SO THAT WAS MY REASON FOR
SUGGESTING THIS ADDITIONAL
WHEREAS CLAUSE I THINK IT'S
IMPORTANT FOR YOU KNOW, NOT
JUST THE MAYOR AND COUNCIL TO
BE AWARE BUT THE LARGER PUBLIC
AS WELL AS THEY IF THEY LOOK AT
THIS RESOLUTION TO APPRECIATE
JUST HOW LARGE A RESPONSIBILITY
MAYOR AND COUNCIL IS FOR
FURTHER DISCUSSION.
>> IT SOUNDS LIKE A PROPOSED
AMENDMENT.
IT IS A PROVOCATIVE AD THAT AS
A PROPOSED AMENDMENT TO THE
EXISTING TEXT AND I'M TRYING TO
THINK WHERE THAT WOULD GO HERE
.
>> CHRIS, DO YOU HAVE A SENSE
OF WHICH WHERE THERE'S A
WHEREAS BECAUSE THEY'RE KIND
OF IN THE MIDDLE THE COMMISSION
RECOGNIZES THE CITY BUDGET HAS
A GREAT NUMBER OF DEMANDS MAYBE
SOMEWHERE.
OH YEAH.
RIGHT AFTER THAT ONE YOU KNOW
THAT YOU KNOW THEN THE NEXT
WHEREAS CLAUSE WOULD BE A
LITTLE MORE SPECIFIC ABOUT THE
SCALE OF OF THEIR WORK.
>> YOU KNOW, I COULD PUT IT
THERE.
OK, SO IF IT'S THE SUGGESTED
LOCATION OF THIS CLAUSE I'LL DO
OTHER COUNCIL STYLE.
IS THAT FRIENDLY TO THE BODY?
THE AMENDMENT?
>> YES, I HAVE I HAVE DUELING
THOUGHTS ABOUT IT.
>> I APPRECIATE BEING REMINDED
THAT THIS IS A HUGE BUDGET,
ALTHOUGH I'M NOT ENTIRELY SURE
THAT THE PUBLIC IS GOING TO
LOOK AT OUR RESOLUTION TO BE
AWARE OF THAT.
I HAVE FELT THAT THE REASONS
THAT WE'VE GIVEN SO FAR ARE
AMPLE AND ADEQUATE FOR WHAT
WE'VE DONE AND I AM NOT SURE
THAT THIS ADDS ANYTHING AND I
SAY THIS AS A PERSON WHO YOU
CAN ADD ON AND ADD ON BUT WHAT
DOES IT REALLY ADD TO THE
OVERALL WEIGHT OF IT?
AND I AM NOT MEANING THAT WHAT
YOU HAVE COME UP WITH IS
LIGHTWEIGHT BUT JUST I'M TRYING
TO GIVE IT SOME SERIOUS THOUGHT
SUFFICIENT TO ENCOURAGE
QUALIFIED PERSONS TO PERFORM
THIS PUBLIC SERVICE.
>> THIS IS TRICKY BECAUSE I
FEEL THAT I MEAN I DON'T MIND
SHARING WITH YOU THAT I HAVE
HAD GRAVE RESERVATIONS ABOUT
THE DIRECTIONS THAT OUR COUNCIL
HAS TAKEN THE CITY.
>> I NONETHELESS FEEL THAT THE
WHAT WE HAVE DONE OVER THE
YEARS REFLECTS OUR RECOGNITION
OF THE WORK THAT THEY DO AND
THE NEED TO TRY AND I DON'T
WANT TO SAY EXACTLY DIVERSIFY
BECAUSE YOU CAN'T CONTROL THAT
THAT'S AN ELECTORAL THING.
>> BUT AT THE SAME TIME HOW
WOULD YOU BE ABLE TO MAKE A
CONNECTION BETWEEN PEOPLE WHO
HAVE SAY THEY'RE BRINGING SOME
SORT OF PRUDENCE, IF YOU WILL,
OR FINANCIAL EXPERTIZE?
I MEAN WE'VE HAD A COUPLE
OF CITY COUNCIL PEOPLE WHO ARE
ACCOUNTANTS AND I WAS CERTAINLY
GLAD THEY WERE ON BOARD.
>> BUT THAT DOESN'T NECESSARILY
MEAN THAT THEY HAVE A BETTER
IDEA THAN ANYBODY ELSE HOW TO
SPEND BIG BUCKS.
IN FACT, I DON'T KNOW WHERE
THAT COMES FROM AND I ALSO
OCCURRED TO ME, YOU KNOW, WE
COULD WIND UP WITH CANDIDATES
THAT DON'T HAVE A LOT OF LIFE
BACKGROUND RIGHT NOW, A LOT
OF EXPERTIZE AND THE SAFEGUARD
THAT WE HAVE IS THAT THEY'RE
PART OF A COUNCIL.
SO IF THEY DON'T HAVE A FULL
APPRECIATION OF WHAT WE'RE
TALKING ABOUT BECAUSE THIS IS A
LOT OF DOUGH TO ROLL IN.
>> YEAH, RIGHT.
AT THE SAME TIME THAT'S PART
OF THE SAFEGUARD OF BEING ON
THE COUNCIL IS THAT YOU DON'T
GET ONE VOTE DOESN'T DETERMINE
ANYTHING EXCEPT IF THE MAYOR'S
VETOING BUT THAT'S DIFFERENT.
>> SO I APPRECIATE YOUR
THOUGHTS.
I DON'T FEEL STRONGLY THAT
THERE'S IS NECESSARY AND SO I
WOULD PROBABLY YOU KNOW, I'M
SORRY I KNOW THAT YOU COULD
KIND OF GO EITHER WAY
AMBIVALENT.
>> YEAH.
MY FEELING IS I'M NOT GOING TO
SAY ABSOLUTELY NOT OVER MY
DEAD BODY BUT I JUST FEEL LIKE
I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT'S GOING TO
COMMUNICATE TO THE PUBLIC IN
TERMS OF THE PEOPLE THAT WE ARE
INVITING TO BE PART OF OUR
GOVERNMENT.
>> REALLY I DON'T WANT US TO
SEND A MESSAGE THAT UNLESS
YOU'RE YOU KNOW, YOU'VE BEEN
OUT OF COLLEGE FOR TEN YEARS
AND YOU'VE HAD A RESPONSIBLE
JOB, DON'T I YOU.
>> MM HMM.
YEAH, I DO APPRECIATE THAT FOR
ME IT IT IT ACTUALLY WAS YOU
KNOW, I LOOKED AT OUR KIND
OF WHERE WE'RE AT AND LOOKED AT
THE COMPENSATION AGAIN RELATIVE
TO OTHER COMMUNITIES.
IT JUST LED ME TO KIND
OF INITIALLY QUESTION BOY WHY
ARE WE SIGNIFICANTLY HIGHER
THAN THE AVERAGES FOR MOST
OTHER COMMUNITIES IN THE IN THE
STATE AND THEY KNOW AS THEY DUG
DEEPER AND I ASK CHRISTOPHER
BACKGROUND ON, YOU KNOW,
OPERATING AND CAPITAL BUDGETS
FOR THE CITY IT WAS KIND OF AN
AHA FOR ME LIKE OH WE ARE ALSO
SO MUCH LARGER IN SCALE THAN
THAN ALMOST ANY OTHER COMMUNITY
INCLUDING SOME OF THE WEALTHIER
SUBURBS OF OAKLAND COUNTY THAT
YOU KNOW, IT JUST SEEMED TO ME
THAT THAT IT MADE MORE SENSE TO
ME KIND OF WHY WE ARE WHERE WE
ARE ON THIS WITH THIS KIND
OF COMPENSATION PACKAGE FOR OUR
COUNCIL MEMBERS AND MY SENSE IS
THAT, YOU KNOW, YEAH, THERE MAY
NOT BE MANY PEOPLE WHO READ
THIS BUT SOME WHO WOULD
ACTUALLY LOOK AT A COUNCIL
PACKAGE AND SEE THIS
INFORMATION, OTHER PEOPLE WHO
MAY DECIDE TO BE INTERESTED AND
ULTIMATELY RUNNING FOR MAYOR OR
CITY COUNCIL THAT SEE THIS FROM
CONTEXT FUTURE MEMBERS OF THIS
COMMISSION YOU KNOW WHO RECEIVE
THIS PACKET IN THE FUTURE.
YOU KNOW, AS SOME OF US MOVE ON
THAT THEY'VE GOT THAT
BACKGROUND AS WELL THAT
PROVIDES A LITTLE CONTEXT ABOUT
WHY WE HAVE KIND OF CHOSEN THE
COMPENSATION THAT WE HAVE.
SO THAT WAS KIND OF MY
REASONING BEHIND SEEING THIS AS
A AS A AS A WORTHWHILE
AMENDMENT.
>> I UNDERSTAND
WHY I WOULD SAY
I THINK ANYTHING THAT GIVES
PEOPLE WHO ARE INTERESTED MORE
INFORMATION ABOUT WHAT WE'RE
BASING THIS ON IS HELPFUL AT
THE SAME TIME I WOULD I WOULD
JULIET'S POINT ABOUT YOU DON'T
WANT TO SCARE OFF THE RIGHT THE
SOMEONE WITHOUT A LOT
OF FINANCIAL EXPERIENCE.
SO I GUESS I HADN'T THOUGHT
ABOUT THAT BEFORE.
SO I'M A LITTLE TORN.
>> I GUESS I I DON'T THINK I
DON'T THINK IT HURTS US AND IT
MAY HELP BUT THERE IS THAT RISK
THAT YOU POINTED OUT.
>> I ACTUALLY DO SUPPORT THE
LANGUAGE AND I THINK THAT THE
THE BUDGET AND THE FINANCIAL
RESPONSIBILITY FOR BOTH THE
MAYOR AND THE COUNCIL IS
SIGNIFICANT.
AND I REALLY I I DO BELIEVE
THAT SOMETHING LIKE THIS
JUSTIFIES OR WORKS THAT MAYBE
JUSTIFIES THE WRONG BUT WORKS
IN THAT VEIN TO EXPLAIN SOME
OF THE PARAMETERS THAT WERE
TAKEN INTO CONSIDERATION BY
THIS GROUP
.
MORE DISCUSSION.
DO YOU LIKE TO VOTE ON IS JUST
A VOTE ON THE AMENDMENT FIRST
AMENDMENT?
YEAH.
WHY DON'T WE VOTE ON IT ALL IN
FAVOR?
I ALL OPPOSE NOT OPPOSED BY
ABSTAIN THE MOTION CARRIES THE
RESOLUTION AMENDED DISCUSSION
ON THE RESOLUTION AS AMENDED
.
SO THE QUESTION THAT I HAVE
WITH REGARD TO INCREASING THE
RELATIVE PROPORTION OF THE
COUNCIL MEMBERS SALARY IS THAT
CURRENTLY WE HAVE ALREADY TOOK
ME YEARS TO GET THIS STRAIGHT
THAT NEXT YEAR'S ALREADY TAKEN
CARE OF AND IT'S BUILT INTO THE
BUDGET.
SO WHAT WE'RE TALKING ABOUT IS
TWENTY SEVEN AND TWENTY EIGHT.
RIGHT OK.
AND I AM SATISFIED THAT IN
TWENTY TWENTY SIX WE WILL BE AT
SIXTY PERCENT FOR THE COUNCIL
MEMBERS.
I DON'T KNOW THAT I WANT TO SAY
THAT THE COMMISSION WISHES TO
CONSIDER SETTING CITY COUNCIL
MEMBERS SALARY AT SIXTY PERCENT
OF THE MAYOR'S SALARY.
I DO BELIEVE THAT WE COULD
CONTINUE TO CLOSE THE GAP
WITHOUT HARM AND ONE THING
ABOUT A 600 MILLION DOLLAR
BUDGET IS I DON'T WORRY TOO
MUCH ABOUT WHERE THAT MONEY'S
COMING FROM BUT I DO THINK THAT
THE WORK THAT CITY COUNCIL
MEMBERS PUT INTO WHAT THEY DO
HERE IS PHENOMENAL.
>> SO I WOULD PROPOSE EVEN
GOING HIGHER THAN 60 PERCENT
FOR TWENTY SEVEN AND TWENTY
EIGHT.
I MEAN I DON'T KNOW IF THERE'S
ANY KIND CAP THAT WE WANT TO
IMPOSE BUT I DON'T THINK WE'RE
VERY SO THIS IS MY SECOND TIME
AROUND AND WHEN YOU FIRST
WORKED ON THE METHODOLOGY AND
WE'RE LOOKING TO CLOSE THAT GAP
WHAT DID YOU START AT?
WE ACTUALLY WERE KEEPING WE
WERE KIND OF KEEPING CONSTANT
SO WE WERE USING THE SAME
PERCENTAGE BUT THE PERCENTAGE
WASN'T OF THE MAYOR'S SALARY
WAS THIS PERCENTAGE WAS
IDENTICAL FOR THE MAYOR AND FOR
CITY COUNCIL MEMBERS.
SO THERE ARE SET SALARIES AND
THEN YOU GAVE JUST THAT THREE
PERCENT OR TWO PERCENT FOUR
PERCENT ON THAT BECAUSE OF THE
WAY THE MATH WORK WHAT WE FOUND
WAS THAT THE GAP WAS ACTUALLY
WIDER AND WIDENING BECAUSE YOU
KNOW, ANOTHER THREE PERCENT OR
WHATEVER PERCENT OF THE MAYOR'S
SALARY ENHANCES HIS SALARY BY A
BIT MORE RIGHT FOR COUNCIL
MEMBERS.
AND SO WE'RE ACTUALLY
INCREASING THE GAP.
>> OK, YEAH, SO THAT'S WHY WE
RESET IT TO PEG TO THE MAYOR'S
SALARY BECAUSE THAT KIND
OF CORRECTED THAT DISTORTION.
>> BUT WHAT YOU'RE SAYING DOING
IT IS YOU'RE NOT SURE THAT IT'S
ENOUGH FOR COUNCIL MEMBERS?
>> I THINK THAT OUR GOAL WAS TO
MAYBE RECAPPING MORE THAN I CAN
HONESTLY SAY I REMEMBER BUT
GOAL WAS TO REACH 60 PERCENT
AND THEN DECIDE IF WE WANTED TO
GO HIGHER DOWN THE ROAD.
I SEE RIGHT.
AND BECAUSE WE ARE NOW TALKING
ABOUT SALARIES FOR TWENTY SEVEN
AND TWENTY EIGHT ESPECIALLY
BEING REMINDED THAT WE HAVE THE
MONEY THIS IS NOT THIS IS NOT
GOING TO BE A PAINFUL TOOTH
EXTRACTION OR ANYTHING LIKE
THAT.
>> I THINK WE CAN AFFORD IT AND
I THINK THAT YOU KNOW I DON'T
KNOW WHAT PERCENTAGE TO
ARBITRARILY PICK BUT I THINK
THAT GOING ABOVE 60 PERCENT
MAKES SENSE TO ME BECAUSE IT'S
STILL THE GAP
AND I THINK THE
SIXTY PERCENT FIGURE WAS JUST A
BIT OF A BACK AND FORTH AND A
KIND OF A GENERAL SENSE OF THE
COMMISSION AT THE TIME OF WHAT
THAT DIFFERENTIAL SHOULD BE.
I DON'T THINK IT WAS BASED ON
ANY KIND OF LOGICAL MODELING OR
ANYTHING TO COME TO THAT
CONCLUSION.
SO IT IS SOMETHING OF A KIND
OF AN ARBITRARY BENCHMARK THAT
WAS SET A FEW YEARS AGO AS THAT
DIFFERENTIAL JUST TO NOTE TEN
YEARS AGO IN 2015 THE COUNCIL
SALARIES WERE 37 PERCENT OF THE
MAYOR.
SO WOW.
I MEAN WOULD YOU PROPOSE
POTENTIALLY INCREASING IT LIKE
IT HAD FROM THE TWENTY TWENTY
THREE SESSION TO NOW SO ANOTHER
TWO AND A HALF PERCENT I WOULD
FEEL VERY COMFORTABLE WITH
THAT.
THAT'S AT EVEN AT A MINIMUM
BECAUSE ONE OF THE THINGS
ACTUALLY I HAD GOING BACK TO
WHAT YOU WERE SAYING EARLIER
BRIAN WAS RIGHT WHEN I WAS
LOOKING AT THE THE ATTACHMENTS
THAT WE SENT AND SOME OF THIS
IS OLD INFORMATION.
IT HAS ALWAYS STRUCK ME THAT
IT'S DIFFICULT TO FIGURE WHERE
WE STAND VIS A VIS OTHER
COMMUNITIES, ESPECIALLY OTHER
COMMUNITIES OUT OF STATE.
BUT ONE BIG DIFFERENCE IS THAT
WHEN YOU HAVE A MAYOR WHO IS
ESSENTIALLY ALSO THE SUPERVISOR
RIGHT, THAT'S A BIG DEAL.
THAT'S TWO JOBS AND ONE WE HAVE
A CITY ADMINISTRATOR.
RIGHT.
SO THE CITY ADMINISTRATOR IT
TAKES A CERTAIN AMOUNT OF THAT
LOAD OFF THE MAYOR IN ADDITION
CHANGES THAT HAVE BEEN MADE
OVER THE LAST SEVERAL YEARS
HAVE REALLY TAKEN
RESPONSIBILITIES OF BOTH THE
MAYOR AND CITY COUNCIL MEMBERS
AND REALLOCATED THEM TO
ADMINISTRATIVE DEPARTMENTS.
NOW THAT BURDEN SHIFTING HAS
PROBABLY AFFECTED MEMBERS AS
EQUALLY AS THE MAYOR, BUT IT'S
SORT OF TO ME REITERATES HOW
SIMILAR THE JOBS ARE RATHER
THAN HOW DIFFERENT.
>> AND SO I DON'T FEEL AS
PROTECTIVE AS I MIGHT OTHERWISE
BE IF THE MAYOR'S JOB REALLY
WERE A COMBINATION OF MAYOR AND
SUPERVISOR, MAYOR AND CITY
ADMINISTRATOR, IT'S I MEAN HE'S
HE STILL DOES MORE THERE ARE
CERTAIN TASKS THAT ARE ASSIGNED
TO HIM THAT SO I THINK WE CAN
RESPECT THAT DIFFERENCE WHILE
ALSO SAYING IT'S A LOT OF WORK
FOR EVERYBODY.
>> YEAH, I MEAN IT'S A FAIR
POINT AND I WOULD JUST ADD TO
THAT I THINK NOT ONLY IN TERMS
OF ITS UNIQUE SIZE BUDGETARY
SIZE BUT WE HAVE DOZENS
OF LOCAL COMMISSIONS AND I
THINK IN ALMOST ALL CASES AT
LEAST ONE COUNCIL MEMBER IF NOT
TO SERVE ON THOSE COMMISSIONS
WHICH I THINK IS QUITE UNUSUAL
FOR MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENT AND
CERTAINLY TO HAVE A NUMBER
OF COMMISSIONS THAT WE DO.
AND SO THEY ARE SPENDING A
SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT OF TIME EVEN
BEYOND THEIR COMMITMENT AS
COUNCIL MEMBERS TO ALSO AS
MEMBERS OF ACTIVE MEMBERS
OF THESE VARIOUS COMMISSIONS
WITHIN THE CITY BECAUSE WE
REALLY TRY TO REACH OUT AS MUCH
AS POSSIBLE AND ENGAGE THE
CITIZENRY IN OUR DECISION
MAKING.
SO I THINK IT SPEAKS WELL TO
YOUR POINT OF THEY REALLY DO A
LOT ABOVE AND BEYOND EVEN WHAT
A NORMAL OR A TYPICAL COUNCIL
MEMBER IN ANOTHER COMMUNITY
MIGHT BE INVOLVED WITH.
SO I DO APPRECIATE IT.
I'M JUST THINKING OUT LOUD AS
YOU WERE TALKING THAT RATHER
THAN AND I WANT TO BE CAREFUL
ABOUT MOVING THE GOALPOSTS HERE
BUT THAT MAYBE, YOU KNOW, TWO
THIRDS IS IS A MORE REALISTIC
TARGET TO SET AS A LONGER TERM
DIFFERENTIAL BETWEEN WHAT OUR
COUNCIL MEMBERS MAKE AND WHAT
THE MAYOR MAKES IN PART AS I'M
THINKING IN LIGHT OF THE FACT
THAT THEY ARE ENGAGED IN I
THINK BY CHARTER IN SERVING ON
THESE VARIOUS BOARDS AND
COMMISSIONS OUTSIDE OF THE
COUNCIL ITSELF, I FEEL
COMFORTABLE TO DO WE HAVE THE
ABILITY TO SET A PERCENTAGE FOR
ONE YEAR AND A DIFFERENT
PERCENTAGE FOR THE.
>> >> SO YOU'RE SAYING TO
ULTIMATELY GET UP TO SIXTY SIX
PERCENT?
>> YEAH THAT'S WELL YEAH I
THINK SO AND AGAIN I WOULDN'T
BE I MEAN ONE OF THE THINGS
THAT WE DO UNDERSTAND ABOUT OUR
ROLE HERE IS THAT NO COMMISSION
IS REALLY BOUND BY PRECEDENT.
THIS DOES BASICALLY PERSUE
AUTHORITY BUT I THINK THAT WE
HAVE WE HAVE OVER THE LAST
SEVERAL YEARS REALLY HAD A GOOD
VISION FOR WHERE WE WANT TO GO.
AND SO EVEN IF WE WERE TO SET A
GOAL FOR 66 PERCENT THAT'S NOT
BINDING ON ANY SUBSEQUENT
COMMISSIONS AND IF YOU KNOW BY
SOME TERRIBLE HAPPENSTANCE
PEOPLE NEED TO THROW IT IN
REVERSE, THEY CAN DO IT.
YEAH, BUT I ALSO THINK WE WE
WILL NEVER BE IN THE POSITION
TO SET A CAP BECAUSE THAT'S NOT
OUR RESPONSIBILITY.
RIGHT.
GOOD POINT.
SO WE'RE LOOKING AT TWENTY
SEVEN TWENTY EIGHT WITH
POTENTIALLY AN IDEA WE WANT TO
GET SIXTY SIX PERCENT.
WHAT IF WE WENT TO SIXTY TO
TWENTY SEVEN SIXTY FOUR AND
TWENTY EIGHT OH AND THEN
ASSUMING THAT THE NEXT GROUP
DOING THIS LIKES THE IDEA AND
THEY MOVE IT TO THE TWO SO WE
COULD INDICATE IN HERE THAT PUT
A NOTE IN THERE THAT THAT'S OUR
CONCEPT SIMILAR TO WHAT IS IN
HERE BUT ISN'T NO RESOLUTION
GETTING UP TO THAT POINT.
I LIKE THAT
.
THAT'S FINE.
WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE
TO PROPOSE
SOME WELL SO DO I HEAR WHAT
PERCENTAGE WOULD YOU LIKE TO
SEE THE LAST TIME WE DID TWO
POINT FIVE PERCENT FOR THE
FIRST FISCAL YEAR AND TWO POINT
FIVE PERCENT INCREASE FOR THE
SECOND.
>> DO YOU LIKE TO DO THAT OR
WOULD YOU LIKE I'M JUST SAYING
YEAH.
SO I WANT MY SUGGESTION WAS TWO
PERCENT FOR THE FIRST YEAR AND
THEN ANOTHER TWO ON TOP OF THAT
FOR THE SECOND YEAR WITH SOME
LANGUAGE INDICATING OUR GOAL IS
TO GET TO SIXTY SIX PERCENT
OF THE MAYOR'S SALARY.
>> OK, SO FOR F Y 2027 NEXT ONE
YOU WANT SIXTY PERCENT OR SIXTY
TWO POINT SIXTY TWO TWO AND
THEN SIXTY FOUR FOR NY TWENTY
EIGHT.
>> TWENTY EIGHT YES.
AND THEN LOOKS LIKE WE WOULD
JUST NEED TO REVISE THE THE
SECOND TO LAST WHEREAS CLAUSE
SOMETHING LIKE COMMISSION HAS
REVISED TO GO TO CITY COUNCIL
MEMBER SALARIES AT SIXTY SIX
PERCENT OF THE SALARY RIGHT.
YES SO LET ME JUST ASK YOU THIS
THOUGH I UNDERSTAND THE DESIRE
FOR CAUTION BUT JUST BEING
REMINDED THAT WE HAD ACTUALLY
DONE TWO POINT FIVE AND TWO
POINT FIVE DO WE HAVE
RESERVATIONS ABOUT DOING TWO
POINT FIVE AND TWO POINT FIVE
OR TWENTY SEVEN AND TWENTY?
I DON'T HAVE RESERVATIONS ABOUT
THAT THAT KIND OF WASN'T MY
THINKING BUT NOT KNOWING THE
PAST.
YEAH, MAYBE THIS WILL LOOK LIKE
WE'RE WE'RE DOING LESS THIS
TIME AROUND.
I MEAN I DON'T MIND STOPPING
SHORT OF SIXTY SIX THAT WOULD
CERTAINLY GET US TO SIXTY FIVE
BUT ONE OF THE DIFFICULTIES
ABOUT MEETING ONCE EVERY TWO
IT'S HARD TO REMEMBER.
YEAH YOU CAN'T AFFORD TO LOSE
YOUR BRAIN.
YEAH I ACTUALLY DO LIKE THE TWO
POINT FIVE TWO POINT FIVE YEAH.
AND I WOULD AND I GO FURTHER TO
SAY ULTIMATELY GETTING TO SIXTY
SEVEN AND I HAVE WHICH IS
BEYOND OUR SCOPE IF WE'RE JUST
GOING TO YEAH IT'S JUST RIGHT
IT WAS WISHES OK WE HAD A WISH
TO CONTINUE.
>> YES.
UP TO SIXTY SEVEN AND A HALF
WITH A RECOMMENDED TARGET IN
YOU KNOW.
>> YEAH I'M OKAY WITH THAT
SINCE THEY HAVE THEY THEY CAN
ALWAYS VETO US IF THEY DON'T
LIKE IT WE ALWAYS OUT OF YEAH.
IF THEY FIND THAT THIS IS TOO
MUCH MONEY YEAH.
THEY CAN ALWAYS SAY PUT ALL
YEAH I'M OKAY WITH THAT ALL
RIGHT SO I WOULD THEN CHANGE
THE SECOND TO LAST WHEREAS
CLAUSE TO READ WHEREAS THE
COMMISSION HAS REVISED ITS GOAL
TO SUBCOUNCIL MEMBERS SALARIES
TO TWO THIRDS OR SIXTY SEVEN
SAY APPROXIMATELY TWO THIRDS
WELL YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO
PAY IF IT'S SIXTY SEVEN POINT
FIVE OR BEYOND TWO THIRDS.
YEAH YES THAT'S RIGHT YEAH
APPROX OR SIXTY SEVEN POINT
FIVE PERCENT OF THE SALARY AND
THEN CHANGE THE ACTUAL
INCREMENTS MULTIPLIERS TO SIXTY
TWO POINT FIVE IN NY 2027 AND
SIXTY FIVE PERCENT IN THAT FOR
TWENTY EIGHT AN INCREASE OF TWO
POINT FIVE PERCENT FOR EACH
YEAR.
CHRIS ASSUMING THAT WE DO WANT
TO PROCEED WITH THIS, DO YOU
FEEL THE NEED TO CRUNCH THESE
NUMBERS RIGHT NOW OR TO GET US
A DRAFT WITH THE FINAL NUMBERS
THAT WE CAN KNOW THE NUMBERS
AND THE NUMBERS IF YOU WANT TO
JUST APPROVE IT AT SIXTY TWO
POINT FIVE AND SIXTY FIVE I CAN
JUST RUN THE NUMBERS AND THE
NUMBERS AND JUST MAKE SURE THAT
IT'S YOU GOT IT YOU KNOW AND
I'LL SUBSTITUTE THAT WHEREAS
CLOSE AS LONG AS WE'RE ALL
AGREED THAT THAT'S THE CHANGES
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT, WE CAN
VOTE ON THAT.
>> YOU ARE COMFORTABLE WITH
THAT.
YES.
ANY FURTHER DISCUSSION ON THAT?
YEAH, I THINK THE ONLY OTHER
THING I WOULD SAY IT SEEMS LIKE
THOSE NUMBERS ARE WITHIN A
RANGE OF WHAT IS BEING
FORECASTED FOR INFLATION.
SO WE'RE NOT YES.
WE'RE NOT GOING FAR ABOVE THE
INFLATION RATE OR ANYTHING LIKE
THAT.
SOME MIGHT SAY WE'RE WELL BELOW
THE INFLATION RATE.
SO I THINK THESE ARE TYPICAL
MAYBE OF WHAT A LOT
OF BUSINESSES ARE LOOKING AT
FOR THE COMING YEAR.
SO I'M COMFORTABLE WITH THOSE
NUMBERS AND LET ME JUST MAKE
SURE THERE'S NOTHING ELSE THAT
NEEDS TO BE CHANGED TO WRITE
THAT WILL CHANGE THE
METHODOLOGY DESCRIPTION TO BE
SIXTY TWO POINT FIVE PERCENT
OF THE MAYOR'S SALARY AND FOR
TWENTY SEVEN SIXTY FIVE PERCENT
AND IF WE'RE TWENTY EIGHT BASED
ON THE AVERAGE THOSE ARE ALL
THE SAME AND THEN WE'LL JUST
CHANGE THE MULTIPLIER TWO POINT
SIXTY FIVE AND POINT SIXTY FIVE
FOR YES OK FOR THE DISCUSSION
OF THE RESOLUTION AS AMENDED
IT'S NOT A BEFORE WE TAKE A
VOTE CAN YOU CLARIFY WHAT
HAPPENS ONCE WE'VE APPROVED A
RESOLUTION?
>> YES.
ONCE THE DETERMINATION IS
PASSED IT BECOMES EFFECTIVE.
THIRTY DAYS AFTER FILING WITH
THE CLERK WHICH WILL LIKELY BE
TOMORROW AND THEN IT CAN ONLY
BE REJECTED BY A TWO THIRDS
VOTE OF COUNCIL AND IF THEY DO
NOT TAKE IT UP OR A VOTE TO
REJECT FAILS IT WILL BECOME
EFFECTIVE.
THIRTY DAYS AFTER FILING WITH
THE CLERK TUJ AND IN THE
UNLIKELY EVENT OF A VOTE
OF COUNCIL TO CHANGE OR
DISAPPROVE THIS RECOMMENDATION
WHAT WHAT IS THE COMPENSATION
AT THAT POINT REMAINS THE SAME
AS IT IS THIS PAST YEAR AND
WOULD REMAIN FOR THE NEXT TWO
YES FISCAL YEARS.
OK WELL OK JUST TO BE CLEAR I
CAN'T CHANGE IT THEY CAN ONLY
REJECT OH OK GOT IT.
NO AMENDMENT IT'S THERE NO
ACTION IS APPROPRIATE GET
APPROVAL.
>> OK WHAT ARE THOSE ACTUAL
NUMBERS.
SURE YEAH YEAH.
LET ME RUN IT MAYBE PUT MY
GLASSES ON I SHOULD HAVE A
OF DOUBLE-CHECKED.
YEAH
SO 427 FOR COUNCIL
SALARIES INSTEAD OF THIRTY
THREE THOUSAND FOUR HUNDRED
EIGHTY THREE POINT TWENTY SEVEN
IT IS THIRTY FOUR THOUSAND
EIGHT SEVENTY EIGHT POINT FOR
ONE SO ABOUT FOURTEEN HUNDRED
DOLLARS MORE AND THEN IN TWENTY
EIGHT INSTEAD OF THIRTY FOUR
FOUR OR FIVE FOUR IT IS THIRTY
SEVEN THREE TO FIVE SO JUST SHY
OF THREE THOUSAND MORE
I THINK
THOSE NUMBERS ARE PALATABLE.
GET
FURTHER DISCUSSION
ENTERTAIN A MOTION TO APPROVE
AS AMENDED I MOVE AND APPROVE
AS AMENDED SO ALL IN FAVOR I
ALL OPPOSE MOTION CARRIES
UNANIMOUSLY YES AND ALL RIGHT
I'LL WRITE THAT UP AND SEND IT
AROUND SO EVERYONE CAN CAN SEE
AND IF YOU DO NEED TO MEET
AGAIN FOR SOME REASON LET ME
KNOW WE HAVE TO DO IT WITHIN 45
DAYS OF TODAY BUT IT CAN BE
DONE OK SO JUST TO BE CLEAR
YES.
>> YOU'RE GOING TO WRITE IT UP
AND PASS IT AROUND BUT ARE YOU
GOING TO DO THAT WITHIN THE
NEXT 15 MINUTES OR IS THAT
SOMETHING THAT WE CAN PROVE
FROM OUR COMFORTABLE DESKS AT
HOME BECAUSE OTHERWISE WE DO
NEED ANOTHER MEETING WHICH I'D
RATHER NOT HAVE?
YEAH I CAN WELL I'LL READ YOU
THE WHEREAS CLAUSES THE ONLY
REAL THING I'M CHANGING
OTHERWISE I'VE GOT DIRECTION TO
CHANGE TO SIXTY TWO POINT FIVE.
SO YOU'RE SAYING WE DO NOT NEED
IT IN WRITING TO YES YOU DON'T
WE DON'T NEED IT IN WRITING
PLEASE GO AHEAD.
SO THE WHEREAS CLAUSE IS GOING
TO BE WHEREAS THE COMMISSION
HAS REVISED ITS GOAL TO SET THE
COUNCIL MEMBERS SALARIES TO
APPROXIMATELY TWO THIRDS WELL
IT'S SIXTY SEVEN POINT FIVE
PERCENT APPROXIMATELY TWO
THIRDS OF THE MAYOR'S SALARY
AND THEN THE METHODOLOGY WILL
BE SIXTY TWO POINT FIVE PERCENT
IN NY TWENTY SEVEN SIXTY FIVE
PERCENT IN NY TWENTY EIGHT.
AND THEN THOSE MULTIPLIERS AS
WE DISCUSSED THAT THOSE NUMBERS
THE NUMBERS.
>> YEAH RIGHT.
SO THAT'S STRIKING THE CLAUSE
ABOUT CONTINUING THE SALARIES
AT SIXTY PERCENT.
YES.
REPLACING THAT CLAUSE AND
PLEASE REMIND ME BRIAN'S
AMENDMENT IS GOING AT WHICH
POINT RIGHT AFTER THE CLAUSE
THAT SAYS WHEREAS THE
COMMISSION ALSO RECOGNIZES THAT
THE CITY BUDGET HAS A GREAT
NUMBER OF DEMANDS ETC..
>> YES, OK, THAT MAKES SENSE.
YES THANK YOU.
OK, OH GOOD OK.
ALL RIGHT.
UH WE THEN HAVE FROM
COMMUNICATIONS FROM THE
COMMISSION OR STAFF I DON'T
HAVE ANY OTHER THAN TO SAY I
WILL SEND YOU THIS JUST TO
CONFIRM THAT I GOT IT CORRECT
AND
IF FOR SOME REASON SOMEBODY
DISAGREES WE HAVE TO MEET
AGAIN.
SO AGAIN METHODOLOGY.
SO YOU'RE GOING TO SEND IT TO
US AND IN IN RESPECT OF OPEN
MEETINGS ACT, HOW DO YOU WANT
US TO RESPOND TO ALL OR TO YOU
TO YOU OK AND HOW DOES THAT
THEN GET RECORDED CONFORMITY
WITH THE OPEN MEETINGS ACT IS
OUR AGREEMENT TODAY.
I WOULD NOT BE A VOTE THAT'S
JUST CONFIRMING THAT WHAT I'VE
DONE IS AN ACCURATE REFLECTION
OF WHAT SO IT'S KIND OF LIKE
THE PROOFREADING JOB.
WE DON'T NEED TO HAVE ANOTHER
HOW ABOUT IT?
OK, GOOD.
IF SOMEBODY DOES DISAGREE THEN
WE'LL HAVE TO BE TOGETHER
RIGHT.
SO HOPEFULLY THAT WON'T HAPPEN
COMMUNICATIONS THEN FROM THE
COMMISSIONERS I WAS LOOKING AT
THIS COMMUNICATION FROM THE
LAST MEETING.
>> YES.
IN THE COMMISSIONER'S HOPE
THAT'S THE MAYOR AND COUNCIL
WOULD APPOINT THE FULL SEVEN
MEMBERS FOR THIS.
>> YES.
CLEARLY WE DIDN'T GET THERE.
SHOULD WE INCLUDE COMMUNICATION
SIMILAR TO THAT FOR THE NEXT
MEETING?
>> YES, I'M HAPPY TO ENTERTAIN
THAT.
I THINK IT'S A DESIRE FOR AND I
WILL SAY THAT THIS IS MY LAST
OFFICIAL YEAR AS PART OF THIS
TERM AND I'M LIKE I DON'T I
DON'T WISH TO CONTINUE.
I SAY OH THANK YOU.
I CAN'T SAY IT'S BEEN HONORIS.
I HAVE A LOT GOING ON IN MY
LIFE.
I JUST LIKE TO SIMPLIFY THINGS
SO THAT DOES WHAT IS ADDITIVE
EDGE POINT.
>> YEAH YEAH.
SO I WENT THROUGH THAT
COMMUNICATION AS AS IN THE
PREVIOUS ONE AND I WILL
TRANSMIT THAT TO TO COUNCIL FOR
YOU.
UM YES I.
MY ONLY COMMUNICATION BE THANK
YOU FOR EVERYBODY FOR COMING
TOGETHER ON SHORT NOTICE HERE
SPECIAL THANK JULIA FOR THE
LAST MEETING AND OH YEAH OK
WELL THANK YOU.
YEAH THANK YOU TO BRIAN FOR
CONTINUING NOBLE PERSON.
>> YEAH IF THERE'S NOTHING ELSE
THAN WE CAN ENJOY THE MEETING
LATER.
SECOND FAVORITE I OPPOSED
MEETING IS ADJOURNED.
ALL RIGHT VERY GOOD.
>> I GOT TO GO